Update lobbies documentation (#398)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/lobby.mdx

</Alert>

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/lobbies/{lobby.id}/members/bulk">
  Bulk Update Lobby Members
</RouteHeader>

> Modifies multiple members in a lobby in a single request. Accepts a list of [update lobby member](#update-lobby-member-structure) (1-25). Returns a list of modified [lobby member](#lobby-member-object) objects on success. May fire multiple [Lobby Member Add](/resources/gateway-events#lobby-member-add), and/or [Lobby Member Remove](/resources/gateway-events#lobby-member-remove) Gateway events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifies multiple members in a lobby in a single request. Accepts a list of 1 to 25 [update lobby member](#update-lobby-member-structure) objects. Returns a list of [lobby member](#lobby-member-object) objects on success. May fire multiple [Lobby Member Add](/resources/gateway-events#lobby-member-add), and/or [Lobby Member Remove](/resources/gateway-events#lobby-member-remove) Gateway events.
```

> Modifies multiple members in a lobby in a single request. Accepts a list of 1 to 25 [update lobby member](#update-lobby-member-structure) objects. Returns a list of [lobby member](#lobby-member-object) objects on success. May fire multiple [Lobby Member Add](/resources/gateway-events#lobby-member-add), and/or [Lobby Member Remove](/resources/gateway-events#lobby-member-remove) Gateway events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifies multiple members in a lobby in a single request. Accepts a list of 1 to 25 [update lobby member](#update-lobby-member-structure) objects. Returns a list of [lobby member](#lobby-member-object) objects on success. May fire multiple [Lobby Member Add](/topics/gateway-events#lobby-member-add), and/or [Lobby Member Remove](/topics/gateway-events#lobby-member-remove) Gateway events.
```

<Alert type="warn">

This endpoint is not usable by user accounts.

</Alert>

<Alert type="info">

> All fields of elements in body to this endpoint are optional and nullable. Omitting or setting a `null` value will set it to default (except for `remove_member`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All fields in lobby member objects passed to this endpoint are optional and nullable. Omitting or setting a `null` value will set it to default (except for `remove_member`).
```

If the user is already a member of the lobby, this will update the member and fire a [Lobby Member Update](/topics/gateway-events#lobby-member-update) Gateway event instead.

</Alert>

###### Update Lobby Member Structure

| Field          | Type                 | Description                                                                       |
| -------------- | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id             | snowflake            | The ID of the lobby member                                                        |
| metadata?      | ?map[string, string] | The metadata of the lobby member (max 25 keys, 1024 characters per key and value) |
| flags?         | integer              | The [lobby member's flags](#lobby-member-flags)                                   |

> | remove_member? | boolean              | Whether to remove the member from lobby                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| remove_member? | boolean              | Whether to remove the member from the lobby                                           |
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/lobbies/{lobby.id}/members/@me/invites" supportsOAuth2="lobbies.write">

>   Create Lobby Linked Channel Invite for current user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Create Lobby Invite for Current User
```

</RouteHeader>

> Creates a invite for channel linked to the lobby, meant to be accepted by the current user. Fires an [Invite Create](/topics/gateway-events#invite-create) Gateway event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an invite for the channel linked to the lobby that can only be accepted by the current user. Fires an [Invite Create](/topics/gateway-events#invite-create) Gateway event.
```
I don't believe this fires an invite create?

<Alert type="warn">

> This endpoint is not usable by user accounts.

Reviewer: but there's an oauth2 directive. did you mean

> This endpoint is only usable with an OAuth2 access token with the `lobbies.write` scope.

</Alert>

###### Response Body

| Field | Type   | Description            |
| ----- | ------ | ---------------------- |
| code  | string | The code of the invite |

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/lobbies/{lobby.id}/members/{user.id}/invites">

>   Create Lobby Linked Channel Invite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Create Lobby Invite
```

</RouteHeader>

> Creates a invite for channel linked to the lobby, meant to be accepted by specified user. Fires an [Invite Create](/topics/gateway-events#invite-create) Gateway event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an invite for the channel linked to the lobby that can only be accepted by the specified user. Fires an [Invite Create](/topics/gateway-events#invite-create) Gateway event.
```
same note abt the invite create event, pls double check

| ----------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| channel_id? | ?snowflake | The ID of the channel to link to the lobby |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/lobbies/{lobby.id}/messages" supportsOAuth2="lobbies.write">
  Get Lobby Messages
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a list of partial [message](/resources/message#lobby-message-structure) objects in the lobby in reverse chronological order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of partial [message](/resources/message#message-object) objects in the lobby in reverse chronological order.
```

<Alert type="warn">

> This endpoint is not usable by user accounts.

Reviewer: same note about the alert
